Welcome to Lesson 4, MongoDB for Java.
You're almost there. This is the last lesson for this course.
In the previous lesson,
you learned about the basics of MongoDB and its document model.
Now, it's time to use it in your Java application.
Just like relational databases,
MongoDB also has a driver that speaks the protocol that the MongoDB server understands.
Point to note, this driver does not implement JDBC.
Java does not provide a unified interface for accessing non-relational databases,
since each of them have their own unique data model.
In this lesson, you will use
the MongoDB Driver to do some basic crud operations on documents,
and create repositories using spring data.
Finally, you will test your MongoDB code using
spring test and then embedded MongoDB implementation.
Let's get on with the lesson.